Fusion feature updates (#7795)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/04-upgrading-to-fusion.md

</File>

This move is only necessary for fragments defined outside of the main YAML structure. For more information about this new key, see [anchors](/reference/resource-properties/anchors).

#### Algebraic operations in Jinja macros

> In dbt Core, you can set algebraic functions in the return function of a Jinja macro:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In <Constant name="core" />, you can set algebraic functions in the return function of a Jinja macro:
```

```jinja
{% macro my_macro() %}

return('xyz') + 'abc'

{% endmacro %}
```

> This is no longer supported in Fusion and will return an error. This is not a common use case and there is no deprecation warning for this behavior in dbt Core. The supported format is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is no longer supported in <Constant name="fusion" /> and will return an error. This is not a common use case and there is no deprecation warning for this behavior in  <Constant name="core" />. The supported format is:
```
